Alex Reid Physio This project includes the following technologies: Pug CSS (Client View) Javascript NodeJS MongoDB (NoSQL) Bootstrap (Admin blog CRUD area) Express NPM Project description: This project was an experiment on a friend’s website they had built using Wix for their established business. I found that their website had no real structure to it and there was no understanding of alignment, flow, structure and association. The site seemed all over the place and gave me no confidence as a user that the practice was as established as it claimed to be. This was where I felt that as a developer, it would be beneficial to my experience to mock a scenario where a client expects me to work on an established website with given content and revamp the site with the content given. Upon reviewing all that the site contained, I then drew connections to all content, eliminating unnecessary links, pages and content. I then took the content I was left with and restructured it in a way that I felt would be straight-forward and give the user a sense of direction when traversing the site. I also felt that the user needed to experience a professional, and sleek design so as to build on their security that the organization is an established and reliable organization.  I also felt that I would challenge myself to create a fully functional backend which could handle all CRUD, authentication and data capturing. For this I used NodeJS along with MongoDB, using PassportJS to authorize and authenticate.  The Current Site: https://www.alexreidphysio.co.za/  My Recreation of the site: https://nicholashorta.github.io/alexreidphysio/  What building this project taught me: This project gave me further understanding of revising and building upon an already established site, and how to plan around the content given, reducing excess links, pages and content to summarise and structure into relatable sections and areas. Along with the experience of planning it out, I also had the experience of solving the challenge of building what Wix makes readily available, such as blog CRUD application which I solved by creating a login area for only the admin blog creator which has full CRUD capabilities.  Please note that the site is only visual, as GitHub does not allow me to host the page with full functionality
